So now we're on the last step to fix the problems and run Carly.
Now, in this lecture, I will assume that you do have trouble with network connections and I'm going
to give you some solutions so that you can fix the problem.
Now, hopefully you're not facing such a problem, so if you don't have a network situation, please,
you don't have to apply any of these solutions in this lesson.
But it's good to have you on the ride and you can always sharpen your troubleshooting skills.
So first off, let's reboot the machine to understand whether the problem is an exception for the initial
run or not.
So I shut down the virtual machine because I want to look at the settings of now select Caleigh and
click the settings button and click this system tab, I want to make the RAM three gigabytes.
So now I can click the start button to boot it again.
Username and password are both Kelly.
OK, we are in again, so let's check the network connection by clicking the network icon at the upper
right hand corner.
So I think there's a problem on the DHC of the VMM.
Well, anyway, we can live without DHP as well.
So I'm looking at the Wired network.
Don't be confused.
Even though you share the wireless connection of your host machine, it's simulated as a wired network
in the VM.
So let's open a terminal screen and look at the networking service.
If it's running right service networking and press tab twice to see the available commands of the service.
Networking service does not have status command, so I'll assume that it's not started and try to start
it.
And if you are still not connected at this point, let's go to network settings, you can go to network
settings via advanced network settings under the menu.
Or you can right click on the network icon in the upper right corner and select edit connections.
Now click the wheel icon under the wire tab.
OK, OK, I go to the IPV for tab to set the IP manually, click the manual option.
I'll choose an IP for the new COLLY.
Now, the IP block of my virtual network is 10 zero two zero through 24, so I'll choose an IP from
this block.
Net mask is 255 255 255 zero for 24 IP block.
The gateway is 10 zero, not two to.
So I can use a Google DNS is my DNS server, and right now you can click the Saban.
OK, I'll reboot the machine to be sure that the changes are applied.
Completed.
So open the terminal screen and first type pseudo as you just switch the user to route so that you don't
have to write pseudo for every command that requires privileges and then run the F config command to
see the IP address of Caleigh.
And it's 200.
So let's ping a remote system, for example, Google DNS eight eight eight eight eight.
Yes, we received the response packages, and that works OK now, so to double check, open a browser
and visit any Web site.